Revise Overview for CuPy v10 (#6209)
cupy/cupy: docs/source/user_guide/performance.rst

Additionally, :func:`cupyx.profiler.benchmark` runs a few warm-up runs to reduce timing fluctuation and exclude the overhead in first invocations.

> One-Time Overheads

Reviewer: Just a nitpick: it seems in this file sections are separated by two empty lines.
```suggestion

One-Time Overheads
```

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Be aware of these overheads when benchmarking CuPy code.

Context Initialization
......................

It may take several seconds when calling a CuPy function for the first time in a process.
This is because CUDA driver creates a CUDA context during the first CUDA API call in CUDA applications.

Kernel Compilation
..................

> CuPy uses on-the-fly kernel synthesis; when a kernel call is required, it compiles a kernel code optimized for the shapes and dtypes of given arguments, sends it to the GPU device, and executes the kernel.

Reviewer: I think it's dimensions, not shapes?
```suggestion
CuPy uses on-the-fly kernel synthesis. When a kernel call is required, it compiles a kernel code optimized for the dimensions and dtypes of the given arguments, sends them to the GPU device, and executes the kernel.
```

> CuPy caches the kernel code sent to GPU device within the process, which reduces the kernel transfer time on further calls.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CuPy caches the kernel code sent to GPU device within the process, which reduces the kernel compilation time on further calls.
```

> The compiled code is also cached to ``${HOME}/.cupy/kernel_cache`` directory (the path can be overwritten by setting the ``CUPY_CACHE_DIR`` environment variable).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The compiled code is also cached in the directory ``${HOME}/.cupy/kernel_cache`` (the path can be overwritten by setting the :envvar:`CUPY_CACHE_DIR` environment variable).
```

> This allows reusing the compiled kernel binary across the process.

Reviewer: ditto
```suggestion
This allows reusing the compiled kernel binary across the process.

```
